welcome to the first item in my
back-to-school trilogy today we are
making a DIY pencil case
you will need a piece of wood I used 1/8
thick birch plywood scrapbook paper
paint Mod Podge wood glue an exacto
knife and paintbrushes start by
measuring out the size of your pencil
case I used two pencil as my guide the
size of your case is up to you and
depends on what you want to hold once
you have your measurements begin to cut
out your pieces this can be tricky make
multiple cuts on both sides and bend to
snap the wood if you want to use my
measurements I had for the top 1/8 and
1/4 by 2 3/4 to 8 and quarters by 1/4
and 2/3 by house for the bottom I had 1
8 by 2 and a half to eight by quarter by
one and a half and two two-and-a-half by
one and a half once your pieces are cut
glue them together in order to get my
pieces to stay and not shift while
drawing I clamp them using painters tape
let your glue dry overnight the next day
you can decorate as you please I painted
my bottom piece in the color c-class
and for the top I use scrapbook paper
using my top as a guide I traced and cut
out the paper so wrap around the top
make sure to smooth out any bubbles
caused by the Mod Podge
once the glue and paint were dry it
sealed both with Mod Podge so that they
would last while being carried around
let this dry for one hour
and you're finished I used a piece of
twine to eat mine shut and I'm already
using it to tote around my pencils I
hope you enjoyed this DIY and be sure to
subscribe to see the next two DIYs in
the series thanks for watching bye